
Uber powerful items in vanilla Minecraft!

What is UberItems?

UberItems is a plugin that adds powerful and fun items into your game. These items can perform ease of access actions, give you powerful abilities, and allow you to RULE THE WORLD! The utility of these items is up to server owners, as they can be fun to mess around with on private servers, or could be a fun way to spice up a survival or SkyBlock server!

UberItems Premium features have been made free for everyone! Enjoy :D

Do you want to add your own custom UberItems? Check out the API: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/91582/


Default Items

Uber Workbench - A more powerful crafting table, opens the UberItems Crafting Menu. Obtained by breaking a crafting table block while holding a lever.
Lunch Box - Insert food into the lunch box, and it'll automatically feed you!
Document of Order - Sort chests with a simple right click! Can even sort multiple inventories at once!
Escape Rope - Escape to the most recent location where you saw the sky.
Fireball - Launch a fiery ball of death at your enemies!
Wrench - Rotate blocks that can be manipulated (pistons, logs, etc...)
Malk Bucket - Infinite Milk Bucket, can spike it with potion effects for an effectively infinite buff!
Uncle Sam's Wrath - Launch fireworks at your enemies! They have random effects and colors!
Electromagnet - Attract all items within a 32 block radius to your character! As a secondary effect you can repel hostile mobs and projectiles!
Pocket Portal - Teleport to and from the nether without building a portal.
Shooty Box - A handheld dispenser! put whatever items you like into it, and RULE THE WORLD
BOOM Stick - Send you foes to the shadow dimension, or simply blow them up!
Lightning Rod - Smite your foes from a distance with powerful lightning strikes!
Hackerman - Have you ever heard of scaffold? It pretty much allows you to do that.
World Eater - A pickaxe that frankly shouldn't exist, it WILL destroy your world.
Cheat Code - Toggles creative mode (lol)
Aspect of the Virus - An OP sword that allows you to teleport behind your foes in a 32 block range.
Pillow - When sleeping in a bed while holding this item, regain health and cure poison effects.
Omelet - A convenient and filling craftable food item.
Experience Bottle - Experience on the go!
Small Backpack - A portable 16 slot inventory.
Big Backpack - A portable 45 slot inventory.
Kebab - Another convenient and filling craftable food item!
Calamari - New drop from squids, more food!
Homemade Portal Frame - Make end portals anywhere! Very expensive.
Crystal Ball - Store experience on the go.
Soul Anchor - Teleport to your death location, doesn't leave your inventory on death.
Throwing Torch - Functions as described, good for caving!

(Coming Soon)
Chisel - Transmute similar blocks into equivalent blocks
Smart Pack - A backpack that allows other UberItems' active abilities to be triggered, and can simulate the effects of Items stored inside.
Multi-Bench - A portable station for all crafting stations in the game (anvil, crafting bench, furnace)

Features
 
A custom crafting table allowing players to make special materials and items.
A framework for custom crafting materials, allowing for more interesting item recipes.
A built-in crafting tutorial in the Uber Workbench, showcasing how to make not only custom items but also materials.
A language file that allows for easy modification of the plugin messages, thus allowing translations.
The ability to reload the plugin's config while it is still running.
An extensive and fully-featured UberItems API, allowing developers to add their own Items easily with addons plugins.

Permissions

uber.user - Allows player to use the plugin's user features (given by default)
uber.admin - Allows player to use the plugin's admin features
uber.item.ITEM_NAME - Allows player to use an item (given by default). Can remove access to specific items by giving a player "-uber.item.ITEM_NAME"
uber.rarity.RARITY_NAME - Allows player to use items of a specific rarity (given by default). Can remove access to specific rarities by giving a player "-uber.rarity.RARITY_NAME"

Commands
/uber help
/uber info
/uber identify (while holding an item)
/uber list
/uber give UBER_ITEM_NAME
/uber giveMaterial UBER_MATERIAL_NAME
/uber updateLore
/uber setMana
/uber setMaxMana
/uber reload

Setup (Once Compiled)
Make sure your spigot version matches the supported version(s) for this plugin.
Simply drag the UberItems.jar into your plugins folder.
After installing the .jar file, restart the server.
Using the config in the "UberItems" folder generated by the jar, you can change the default values to your liking. You must restart your server or use "/uber reload" to apply changes.
Be respectful and constructive. If a concept in the plugin is fundamentally flawed in your opinion, explain why so I can work to make it better.
Be fair! Just because you are experiencing a problem, that doesn't mean everyone is. My plugin getting a 1 star review because you had the wrong version of Spigot installed is pretty unfair to me, no?
